What, you invited me here all night?
It won’t be Jingdong Chujiu.
I, the white man, the eater of Dragon King shop, dare to meet.
My eldest son, I am today
The area of ​​​​Dragon Throne is huge in Rebellion.
Okay, what's the situation? What's the situation?
Anyone can tell him something and he will come?
Let me just say, people in the UK also pretend to be like this.
Mr. Gu, I can invite you to Wu Wu with just one sentence.
Me, where is your stinky Baoan?
Who else can be invited to recommend long points for Mr. Su?
Why do we need other people to eat at the end of our ancestors?
Then do you dare to say another word?
Stop talking bad about my brother
If I die, will you eat it?
Why don't you obey me?
For a stinky Baoan
You go and let her go
I see
What you experience in your heart, world and earth is that you need someone to protect you.
It won’t be too late, I can protect you, don’t worry
I will protect your grandma today
Someone asked where the king's palace was
Nothing foreign
do things with you
Then I thank you
You can leave me now
My dead brother protects me because I have to take over your control.
What did he get?
Young Master Gu is now guarding the reality of crime.
Does Longmaodian Sinyu know?
The people who are locked up inside are all brothers who are extremely ignorant.
It is still possible to travel around
If it weren't for Mr. Long Maodian back then,
Blue eyes wide open
He doesn't want anyone to force him
Young Master Gu is now the one guarding the crime gate.
We also look at the version.